# cse110-sp25-group28

## Welcome to SweatDeck!

[Team Page](https://cse110-sp25-group28.github.io/cse110-sp25-group28/admin/team)

This is our Team's main website which contains our values, names, github accounts, and our brand.

[Status Video 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7wuVDzI_fQ)

Team's status video showcasing the up to date functionality of our website.

[Qlty Code](https://qlty.sh/gh/cse110-sp25-group28/projects/cse110-sp25-group28/issues?filters%5Bstatus%5D%5B%5D=open&filters%5Bcategory%5D%5B%5D=Structure&filters%5Bcategory%5D%5B%5D=Duplication)

Quality Code Checker used to monitor styling, security, and maintainability of our repository.

[Website](https://cse110-sp25-group28.github.io/cse110-sp25-group28/)

Click to be directed to our most up to date iteration of our website. 

## Overview

Welcome to Sweat Deck! Our web app allows you to make your workouts interesting, consistent, and personalized!

With our prebuilt workout decks, you can choose to target specific muscle groups on the go.

Or you can choose to use our create deck feature which allows you to add custom cards and form your own deck from a selection of 43 cards with more to come!

## Installation Guide

On your personal computer, open the command line with git installed. [Git Installation Guide](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)  
Use `git clone https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group28/cse110-sp25-group28.git`  
Once it's installed in your computer, feel free to use any code editors to the code  
If using VS Code, we suggest using live server to view your changes in real time

## Documentation

Documentation can be found in the `docs/` folder and is auto-generated by GitHub Actions on every push and pull  
Documentation is created sing JSDocs

## Editing Files
To edit the main webpage, the file `index.html` is found in the outermost directory  
All our other files are found in `source/`  
Inside `source/` we have `assets/` which contains all our **images**, **scripts**, and **styles**  
Inside `source/` we have the default html of `create-deck.html` and `view-deck.html`

## Tests

Tests can be found in the `tests/` folder and contains Jest unit tests and E2E Puppeteer tests  
To run tests on your own computer, you can run `npm install --save-dev jest babel-jest @babel/core @babel/preset-env puppeteer jest-puppeteer`  
To run a test, run `npm test`

If you want to create your own tests, create a file with a relevant test name ending in `.test.js` inside the `tests/` folder  
Then in `.github/workflows` you can edit the relevant `.yml` folder to add your new test into the script.   
Specifically for puppeteer and unit tests, we only edit `puppeteer.yml` and `tests.yml`

## Templates
When creating a **bug report, CI template, documentation, or feature request**, please refer to `.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE` to follow the relevant template to adhere to uniformity standards

## Architecture Decision Record (ADR)
In `specs/adrs/` we have all our past ADRs to help you catch up with the relevant information and the architectural design of our website. Please read it over to get an understanding of each Architecture.

## Tools Used:

- **Jest:** Unit Testing specific js functions
- **ESLint:** Enforces coding style
- **Qltycode:** Enforces code maintainability, scalability, and security
- **HTML/CSS/JS:** Our code is built on the fundamentals, please don't use outside libraries unless necessary
- **GitHub Actions:** Used to run our Continous Integration/Continous Deployment Pipeline
- **Puppeteer:** Used to run user interface and website interactioon tests